Small application to fulfill the Objectives listed below.  
The application was built using Spring boot and Maven 

#### To start via maven

To start via maven, navigate to the project base directory and run  
$*mvn spring-boot:run*  

#### To start via Docker

To start as Docker container, navigate to the project base directory and run  
./mvnw install
docker build -t abn/recipe .  
docker run -p 8080:8080 -e "JAVA_OPTS=-Ddebug -Xmx128m" abn/recipe  



#### Database

The application runs with a H2 in-memory database.  
To change to a persistent storage, update settings in  
[application.properties](src/main/resources/application.properties)  
and add the corresponding database driver to the [pom.xml](pom.xml)

#### API Documentation 

Once started, generated API documentation can be found at [http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html](http://localhost:8080/swagger-ui/index.html) 


### Architectural decisions

* The architecture is kept intentionally basic, one controller and one repository.
* The RecipeModelAssembler is to return the hypertext media links, to make it RESTful, as this was specified even if not always standard among developers.  
* RESTapi documentations is generated by openapi rather than written, as keeping it all in one place makes it more likely to be updated when changes happens, and keeps the documentations uniform.
* Basic healthcheck using Spring Boot actuator, located at [http://localhost:8080/actuator/health]([http://localhost:8080/actuator/health)  

#### This application is lacking some important features 'production ready'.  

- No security/roles/access implemented. &rarr; Not mentioned in the task and therefor not clear what to add.  
- No certificate for HTTPS. &rarr; Add certificate from CA and pass ssl-parameters and port via *application.properties* for example.
- Logging &rarr; Currently using Spring Boot default logging, but no specific logging for API usage/requests etc.  


### Objective 

Create a standalone java application which allows users to manage their favourite recipes. It should 
allow adding, updating, removing and fetching recipes. Additionally users should be able to filter 
available recipes based on one or more of the following criteria: 
1. Whether or not the dish is vegetarian
2. The number of servings
3. Specific ingredients (either include or exclude)
4. Text search within the instructions.

For example, the API should be able to handle the following search requests: 

• All vegetarian recipes  
• Recipes that can serve 4 persons and have “potatoes” as an ingredient  
• Recipes without “salmon” as an ingredient that has “oven” in the instructions. 

#### Requirements  

Please ensure that we have some documentation about the architectural choices and also how to 
run the application. The project is expected to be delivered as a GitHub (or any other public git 
hosting) repository URL.
All these requirements needs to be satisfied: 
1. It must be a REST application implemented using Java (use a framework of your choice)
2. Your code should be production-ready.
3. REST API must be documented
4. Data must be persisted in a database
5. Unit tests must be present
6. Integration tests must be present
